
# 计算机网络作业2


## Problem1

R9: Dial-up modems, HFC, DSL and FTTH are all used for residential access. For each of these access technologies, provide a range of transmission rates and comment on whether the transmission rate is shared or dedicated.

$Answer:$

| access technologies | a range of transmission rates | shared or dedicated |
| :------: | :------: | :------: |
| Dial-up modems |up to 56 Kbps|dedicated|
|HFC|download rates up to 42.8 Mbps and upstream rates of up to 30.7 Mbps|shared|
|DSL| up to 24 Mbps downstream and 2.5 Mbps upstream|dedicated|
|FTTH|2-10Mbps upload and 10-20 Mbps download|dedicated|

## Problem2

R23: What are the five layers in the Internet protocol stack? What are the principal responsibilities of each of these layers?

$Answer:$

From top to bottom, the five layers in the Internet protocol stack are: the application layer, the transport layer, the network layer, the link layer, and the physical layer.

1. The application layer is where network applications and their application-layer protocols stack reside.

2. The Internet’s transport layer transports application-layer messages between application endpoints.

3. The Internet’s network layer is responsible for moving network-layer packets known as datagrams from one host to another.

4. To move a packet from one node (host or router) to the next node in the route, the network layer relies on the services of the link layer.

5. the job of the physical layer is to move the individual 
bits within the frame from one node to the next.

## Problem3

R12: What advantage does a circuit-switched network have over a packet-switchednetwork? What advantages does TDM have over FDM in a circuit-switched network?

$Answer:$

A circuit-switched network can guarantee a certain amount of end-to-end bandwidth for the duration of a call. Most packet-switched networks today (including the Internet) cannot make any end-to-end guarantees for bandwidth. FDM requires sophisticated analog hardware to shift signal into appropriate frequency bands.

</font>
